DOCS-2673: Change authentication method for API onboarding requests (#1907)
MultiSafepay/docs: content/my-account/partner-account/api-onboarding/add-websites.md

> Use the following requests to add, retrieve or update websites linked to a merchant account affiliated with your partner account:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Use the following requests to add, retrieve, or update websites linked to an affiliated merchant account:
```

> 1. [Add a website](#1-add-a-website): Add a website to a merchant account.
> 2. [List websites](#2-list-websites): Retrieve all websites for a merchant account.
> 3. [Get website](#3-get-website): Retrieve a single website by its identifier.
> 4. [Update website](#4-update-website): Update a website.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- [Add a website](#1-add-a-website): Add a website to a merchant account.
- [List websites](#2-list-websites): Retrieve all websites for a merchant account.
- [Get website](#3-get-website): Retrieve a specific website.
- [Update website](#4-update-website): Update a website.
```

## Authentication

> All four website requests require a partner account API key. For more information, email your partner manager.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
All of the website requests require a partner account API key. For more information, email your partner manager.
```

---

## 1. Add a website

`POST` `https://testapi.multisafepay.com/v1/json/accounts/{affiliate_account_id}/sites`

Add a website to an affiliated merchant account.

### Path parameters
|Parameter|Description|
|---|---|
|affiliate_account_id{{< br >}}`string`| Affiliate Merchant ID.{{< br >}}**Format**: 8 character string (e.g., `12345678`). Required.|

{{< collapse title="Request body parameters" size="h3" >}}
|Parameter|Description|
|---|---|
|name <br /> `string`|Name of the website.  <br /> **Format**: max 120 characters. Required. |

> |notification_url <br /> `string`|[Notification URL](/developer/api/notification-url/) of the website.  <br /> **Format**: URL (max 150 characters). Optional. |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
|notification_url <br /> `string`|The [notification URL](/developer/api/notification-url/) for the website.  <br /> **Format**: URL (max 150 characters). Optional. |
```

> |price_from <br /> `integer`| Expected minimum order value for credit card transactions.  <br /> **Format**: unsigned integer. Optional. |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
|price_from <br /> `integer`| The expected minimum order value for credit card transactions.  <br /> **Format**: Unsigned integer. Optional. |
```

  "success": true
}
```
{{< /collapse >}}

---

## 3. Get website

`GET` `https://testapi.multisafepay.com/v1/json/sites/{site_id}?api_key={your-account-api-key}`

Retrieve a single website by its identifier.

### Path parameters
|Parameter|Description|
|---|---|

> |site_id{{< br >}}`string`|Site ID.{{< br >}}**Format**: 5 character string (e.g., `12345`). Required.{{< br >}}{{< br >}} <img src='/svgs/Note.svg' width="4%" height="auto" /> The site_id is returned as `id` in the [add a website](#1-add-a-website) and [list websites](#2-list-websites) request.|

Reviewer: ```suggestion
|site_id{{< br >}}`string`|The unique identifier of the website.{{< br >}}**Format**: 5 character string (e.g., `12345`). Required.{{< br >}}{{< br >}} <img src='/svgs/Note.svg' width="4%" height="auto" /> The `site_id` is returned as `id` in the [add a website](#1-add-a-website) and [list websites](#2-list-websites) requests.|
```

---

## Update website

`PATCH` `https://testapi.multisafepay.com/v1/json/sites/{site_id}?api_key={your-account-api-key}`

Update information about an existing website.

### Path parameters
|Parameter|Description|
|---|---|
|site_id{{< br >}}`integer`|The unique identifier of the website.{{< br >}}**Format**: 5-digit integer, e.g. `12345`. Required.{{< br >}}{{< br >}} <img src='/svgs/Note.svg' width="4%" height="auto" /> The `site_id` is returned as `id` in the [add a website](#add-a-website) and [list websites](#list-websites) requests.|

{{< collapse title="Request body parameters" size="h3" >}}
|Parameter|Description|
|---|---|
|name <br /> `string`|The name of the website.  <br /> **Format**: Max 120 characters. Optional. |
|notification_url <br /> `string`|The [notification URL](/developer/api/notification-url/) of the website.  <br /> **Format**: URL (max 150 characters). Optional. |
|price_from <br /> `integer`| The expected minimum order value for credit card transactions.  <br /> **Format**: Unsigned integer. Optional. |
|price_till <br /> `integer`| The expected maximum order value for credit card transactions.  <br /> **Format**: Unsigned integer. Optional. |

> |support_email <br /> `string`| The email address used to support the website's customers.  <br /> **Format**: Email address (max 100 characters). Optional. |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
|support_email <br /> `string`| The website's customer support email address.  <br /> **Format**: Email address (max 100 characters). Optional. |
```
